Announce 1.0.0 (#1547)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/news/release_announcements/keptn-100/index.md

---
title: Keptn 1.0.0
weight: 64
---

## [1.0.0](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/compare/0.19.0...1.0.0) (2022-12-12)

---

Keptn 1.0.0 is the first major release and the first LTS (Long Term Support) release of Keptn.

> Keptn LTS versions support is guaranteed for at least 6 months after the initial release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keptn LTS version support is guaranteed for at least 6 months after the initial release. 
```
Or could do "Support for Keptn LTS versions is guaranteed..."

The Keptn community announces the LTS end-of-life within 3 months in advance, using the community announcement channel [#announcements](https://app.slack.com/client/TFHDUSPB7/CFH4VK9GT) over Slack.
For this, we introduced [scarf.sh](https://about.scarf.sh/) to track download data to decide whether the support of LTS versions will be extended.

---

### ⚠ BREAKING CHANGES

* **installer:** We are introducing scarf.sh for download tracking to have valuable information that will help us decide whether support for Keptn LTS will be extended or not.

> * **shipyard-controller:** Keptn returns 404 instead of 400 HTTP error code when creation of the project fails when upstream repository is not found. Also returns 409 instead of 500 HTTP error code when creation or update of project fails due to upstream repository is already initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **shipyard-controller:** Keptn returns 404 instead of 400 HTTP error code when creation of the project fails because the upstream repository is not found. Also returns 409 instead of 500 HTTP error code when creation or update of project fails because the upstream repository is already initialized.
```

### Features

* **api:** Clean up logs/errors ([16b854c](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/16b854c28ae8ed957f46deb25a5e40ea86658b65))

> * **bridge:** Added autofocus to deletion dialog input field ([#9056](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/9056)) ([a31c21d](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/a31c21d4f1472618738c15d93299d3432ce0a4c1))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **bridge:** Add autofocus to deletion dialog input field ([#9056](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/9056)) ([a31c21d](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/a31c21d4f1472618738c15d93299d3432ce0a4c1))
```
Other items use present tense

* **bridge:** Fix navigation to blocking sequence ([#9200](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/9200)) ([f38e0fc](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/f38e0fc0faa5b4ddb1d1ffa457ce160f0b64571e))
* **bridge:** Fix relative weight calculation ([#9099](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/9099)) ([c9c2b02](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/c9c2b02588cec780af2f425af69d7b54b6462f22))
* **bridge:** Show correct border color for task items in sequence view ([#9055](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/9055)) ([ca181d5](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/ca181d59dd976fff1e0d2a22877ddf2868a2d336))
* **cli:** Fix non deterministic processing of `trigger sequence --data` flag ([#9040](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/9040)) ([4987bc3](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/4987bc384612202569fdd2742004ec552c3d6305))
* **distributor:** Datarace range variable is captured in goroutine ([#8973](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/8973)) ([0f80060](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/0f800601ec2c6a2a30b8f229feea2561ccfab079))

> * Indentation issue in Installer Modue ([#9301](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/9301)) ([409bbab](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/409bbab280a663d51307298648f7ed2d2dbe5cad))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Indentation issue in Installer Module ([#9301](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/9301)) ([409bbab](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/409bbab280a663d51307298648f7ed2d2dbe5cad))
```
I think this is what you meant...

* **resource-service:** Delete tmp-origin before migrating repository ([#9104](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/9104)) ([b3e368f](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/b3e368fc2df93d8f25ff9a1f3f324586cb1c948f))
* **resource-service:** Delete tmp-origin before migrating repository ([#9106](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/9106)) ([b3e368f](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/b3e368fc2df93d8f25ff9a1f3f324586cb1c948f))
* **resource-service:** Determine default branch from helm value when repository is not initialized ([#8843](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/8843)) ([8e91639](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/8e916394247c957c9f029e651f6d345315b37979))
* **resource-service:** Force checkout event if unstaged changes are present ([#9107](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/9107)) ([dbd0ddb](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/dbd0ddba017001f4864a40b6a26cf867614ea1dc))
* **resource-service:** Map go-git specific error types to Keptn error types understood by the resource service error handler ([#8849](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/8849)) ([75a1314](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/75a1314c1fbfab6040346b98bfb8e13331a7c460))

> * **resource-service:** Return specific error in when creating a project with an initialized repository ([#8855](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/8855)) ([2f7e1f2](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/commit/2f7e1f273ab0df258fac3a493d4fde9947b86f18))

Reviewer: "...error in when creating" isn't right -- not sure if you are missing a word after "in" or if "in" should be removed.
